far so easy now look guys
here throw yourself go to real life
Here it is Masha Masha can stop
I am Leonov they have not lagged years old yes we are
In general, we are cooking pizza here
the kitchen is there my hut and by the way guys i'm from
someone moved hour masha and walnut in general
dudes , everyone remembers my room
this room where all the podcasts were
recorded now in short i'm looking dying out and
moved to another room now with me
here is a short interior of this one sofa
on which I sleep and this is my comp here it is
worth of wood and bans but in general, yes, I forgot
a wharf though sometimes you are affixed and
so you all know that I myself am a layer of which all
so in general let's analyze I
gone with advance and I left at all myself
brings a beautiful girl to my friend and
name is Masha our make beautiful faces
in general a podcast about why I quit everything
it will be more likely all on these leather
because ascher sakura he went he
they will go on these most likely and we
will shoot so i contacted
crackers now dudes and now i'm in
free time free time is
usually late in the evening at 9 and 10 I
when I come home after the affairs of all after
walks saw here with this person with her
boyfriend and
in general, with all that this company here
come running keylogger and come on
look who is there a sucker caught
like washing we already hacked how many
there but in general then I will show with climene in
next podcast and so on
you are nice to me and I do nehuy
yes dick she is colossal
then this is these
I'll start him cut it shorter sausage
on her cut so generally straight
how many na'vi have 3 to 10 years of Soviet
guys answer in the comments how much you
give her the look of years the plant here it is
she howls vertically turned or
dudes you kill me i know in general
now salt that's it u how much you i
in appearance years give answers in the comments
the correct answer will get a prize
pendal ass but of course not yourself
show i have me i follow y
you drown them fuck there apparently
for everything to score it in general on meat isis
uebat my cat went missing a dick
I have lost all this garbage I do not know
this
well for recording
crap yes it's like u better come back she
cuts cuts cuts well while small
delirium strong hands repair hi tony
batory hi lost kurai there all
admin site brought Sonya hello everyone
glide hello masha hello masha you
hi 2
Wave Wave pen pen pen waving
Well, I certainly hand the whole camera valley
time we smear but imagine only those
he sits in a different upper body and
kill me oh come on dudes it's a wolf
short podcast next podcast
that's really both let's about everything here
will be along with esher sakura from your he
will be this weekend most likely
just went to these input should
come to me so not slippers
throw all lucky pack throw it yourself and
you too will have such beauties
popping your bed in your kitchen
in the morning here in general, I wish you all who
threw himself the same beauties of the same
chicks sorry sorry i will write down second
seconds wizard I have not written down further
next is the word chicks
wish you all the same hot said
Akinfeev your girls around the guys would
really throw yourself in real it's cool a
just answer for
state and if the gas one jack sea ​​door media
thick you had lucy pd separating you
success in admin
ok guys all bye everyone good luck masha
the goods to the transfer could come in order
really in zadrotov became to find
abandoned all the guys days until you have any
sobbed so that what else throws what
Fuck it fucking and this is a shorter game such trouble
standard our lunch with wisdom oh well
is it there is a multiplayer burn dudes
throw you I still still take off
okay guys all bye